docs: update spiderpool IPAM performance (#2553)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/concepts/ipam-performance.md

## Objects

> This test is based on the `0.3.1` version of [CNI Specification](https://www.cni.dev/docs/spec/), with [macvlan](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/macvlan/) and [macvlan](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/macvlan/) with Spiderpool as the test scenario, and selected several other common network scenarios in the open source community as a comparison:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test is based on the `0.3.1` version of [CNI Specification](https://www.cni.dev/docs/spec/), with [macvlan](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/macvlan/) and Spiderpool as the test target, and selected several other common network solutions in the open source community as a comparison:
```

Author: done

## Plan

During the testing, we will follow the following agreement:

- Testing under IPv4 stack and IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack.
- When testing the underlay IPAM CNI plugins, ensure that the number of available IP addresses is **1:1** to the number of Pods as much as possible. For example, if we plan to create 1000 Pods in the next step, we should limit the number of available IPv4/IPv6 addresses to 1000. Next, test the speed of IP assignment when there are enough IP addresses available.
- When testing the overlay IPAM CNI plug-in, focus on the speed of IP address assignment when there are sufficient IP addresses.

Specifically, we will try to start a total of 1000 Pods on the above Kubenetes cluster in the following manner and record the time taken for all Pods to reach `Running`:

- Create 100 Deployments with 10 replicas per Deployment.

## Result

> The IPAM allocation principle of Spiderpool and Kube-ovn is that all Pods in the whole cluster node are allocated IPs from the same CIDR, so IP allocation and release need to face fierce competition, and the challenge of IP allocation performance will be bigger; the IPAM allocation principle of Whereabouts and Calico and Cilium is that each node has a small IP collection, so the challenge of IP allocation performance will be smaller. The IPAM allocation principle of Whereabouts, Calico, and Cilium is that each node has a small IP collection, so the competition for IP allocation is smaller, and the challenge of IP allocation performance will be smaller. However, from the experimental data, although the IPAM principle of Spdierpool is "lossy", the performance of IP allocation is very good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spiderpool and Kube-ovn allocate IP addresses from the same CIDR range to all Pods in the whole cluster. Consequently, IP allocation and release face intense competition, presenting larger challenges in terms of IP allocation performance. By comparison, Whereabouts, Calico, and Cilium adopt an IPAM allocation principle where each node has a small IP address pool. This reduces the competition for IP allocation and mitigates the associated performance challenges. However, experimental data shows that despite Spiderpool's "lossy" IPAM principle, its IP allocation performance is actually quite good.
```

Author: done

![ipam-performance.png](../images/ipam-performance.png)

> > The macvlan + Whereabouts combination was tested in a **1:1** scenario with the number of available IP addresses vs. the number of Pods. Within 300s 261 Pods reached the `Running` state at a relatively constant rate, and at 1080s 768 IP addresses were assigned. From then on, the Pod growth rate decreases dramatically, reaching 845 at 2280s, after which Whereabouts essentially stops working, with the time taken being analogous to positive infinity. Since the number of IP addresses in the test scenario is 1:1 with respect to the number of Pods, if the IPAM component fails to reclaim IPs correctly, new Pods will fail to start due to the lack of IP resources and the inability to obtain available IPs, and the following error is observed for non-running Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We tested the combination of macvlan and Whereabouts in a scenario where the available number of IP addresses matches the number of Pods in a 1:1 ratio. Within 300 seconds, 261 Pods reached the "Running" state at a relatively steady pace. By the 1080-second mark, 768 IP addresses were allocated. Afterward, the growth rate of Pods significantly slowed down, reaching 845 Pods by 2280 seconds. Subsequently, Whereabouts essentially stopped working, resulting in a positively near-infinite amount of time needed for further allocation. In our testing scenario, where the number of IP addresses matches the number of Pods in a 1:1 ratio, if the IPAM component fails to properly reclaim IP addresses, new Pods will fail to start due to a lack of available IP resources. We observed the following errors in Pods that did not run:
```

Author: done

```bash
Warning Failed to create pod sandbox: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to setup network for sandbox "eeb1c76cf8baef70967ddf7d8f52b042c8bd69bc20b72ef5a4f26511a4ae8e74": plugin type="multus" name="multus-cni-network" failed (add): [default/whereabout-9-5c658db57b-xtjx7:k8s-pod-network]: error adding container to network "k8s-pod-network": error at storage engine: time limit exceeded while waiting to become leader

Warning  FailedCreatePodSandBox  62s (x9 over 12m)   kubelet            Failed to create pod sandbox: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to reserve sandbox name "whereabout-9-5c658db57b-tdlms_default_e1525b95-f433-4dbe-81d9-6c85fd02fa70_1": name "whereabout-9-5c658db57b-tdlms_default_e1525b95-f433-4dbe-81d9-6c85fd02fa70_1" is reserved for "38e7139658f37e40fa7479c461f84ec2777e29c9c685f6add6235fd0dba6e175"
```

## Summary

> Although Spiderpool is a solution for underlay networks, it provides powerful IPAM capabilities with IP assignment and reclamation features that are no less impressive than mainstream Overlay CNI IPAM plug-ins, which face more and more complex IP address preemption and conflict issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Spiderpool is primarily designed for underlay networks, it provides powerful IPAM capabilities. Its IP allocation and reclamation features face more intricate challenges, including IP address contention and conflicts, compared to the popular Overlay CNI IPAM plugins. However, Spiderpool's performance remains impressive and stands on par with the latter.
```

Author: done
